# Artificial Neural Networks - Project 3 - Reinforcement Learning: landing on the moon

Traditionally, reinforcement learning has operated on "tabular" state spaces, e.g. "State 1", "State 2", "State 3" etc. However, many important and interesting reinforcement learning problems (like moving robot arms or playing Atari games) are based on either continuous or very high-dimensional state spaces (like robot joint angles or pixels). Deep neural networks constitute one method for learning a value function or policy from continuous and high-dimensional observations. 

In this miniproject, we teach an agent to play the Lunar Lander game from OpenAI Gym. The agent needs to learn how to land a lunar module safely on the surface of the moon. The state space is 8-dimensional and (mostly) continuous, consisting of the X and Y coordinates, the X and Y velocity, the angle, and the angular velocity of the lander, and two booleans indicating whether the left and right leg of the lander have landed on the moon.

The agent gets a reward of +100 for landing safely and -100 for crashing. In addition, it receives "shaping" rewards at every step. It receives positive rewards for moving closer to [0,0], decreasing in velocity, shifting to an upright angle and touching the lander legs on the moon. It receives negative rewards for moving away from the landing site, increasing in velocity, turning sideways, taking the lander legs off the moon and for using fuel (firing the thrusters). The best score an agent can achieve in an episode is about +250.

There are two versions of the task: one with discrete controls and one with continuous controls but we only work with the discrete version. In the discrete version, the agent can take one of four actions at each time step: [do nothing, fire engines left, fire engines right, fire engines down]. 

We use Policy Gradient approaches (using the REINFORCE rule) to learn the task. In the previous miniproject, the network generates a probability distribution over the outputs, and is trained to maximize the probability of a specific target output given an observation (input). In Policy Gradient methods, the network generates a probability distribution over actions, and is trained to maximize expected future rewards given an observation.
